Bump `@floating-ui/react`: `^0.26.3` → `^0.26.10` (#1957)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/spicy-plums-switch.md

---
"@itwin/itwinui-react": patch
---

> Bumped the `@floating-ui/react` dependency from `^0.26.3` to `^0.26.10`.

Author: Just wanted to confirm before merging, is the new changeset alright? Also, should this be a `minor` changeset instead since we suspect that floating-ui's patch releases might contain breaking behavioral changes?

Reviewer: something like this?

```suggestion
---
"@itwin/itwinui-react": minor
---

Bumped the minimum required version of `@floating-ui/react` from `^0.26.3` to `^0.26.10`. (Make sure to also update transitive deps!)
```

> Changed our internal dependency on `@floating-ui/react` from `^0.26.3` to `0.26.3` to prevent unexpected results when users use later patch versions of `@floating-ui/react` that may contain breaking behavioral changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dependency on `@floating-ui/react` has been temporarily pinned to `0.26.3` to avoid potential breaking behavioral changes from future versions.
```
